this seems too mixed up and not fresh and clear...
listen man, listen some updated are needed... i gave you a photo,, see its an example.. the dashboard page shouldnot have the option of voting directly,, ok? let me say what it will contain.. at first it will contain the sidebar options at the top as like the second photo,, then it will show the profile data of the user,, and remove the profile section from the bar,at the dashboard user data will show as like, his name, what type he is(example Voter Account), Nid number, [its like a short section the full profile data will be shown at the top right corner,,, like it will circular with profile photo, then user click on it wit will show option go to profile and another option is log out, the profile will contain all data that were inputed at the time of registration just without password]... lets back into the dashboard section,, after the identity section in dashbord, below that it will show the user is voted or not,,, below that it will show the party name those are standed for election,, (just pary name and logo, not candidate),.. below that it will show [সহায়তা প্রয়োজন?
হেল্পলাইন: ১৬৩৩৩ | ইমেইল: support@votingsystem.gov.bd] this like section txt....
come to the next section which is .. Vote din.. on that section user can do vote to their as like previous.. but need a huge feature that is,, one can select any adress(division/district/upazila/ward) but cannot vote with any adress,, they can just see the candidate, but they can only vote with the adress which is matched with their NID info... (set the example account nid adress to,, Rajshahi- Bogura- Adamdighi- ward5..) (and make the winning party or candidate as jamaat-e-islami... (change the user name to রেদওয়ানুল হক) ... then come to the Jacai Korun Section,, that section is OK,, then come to the porisongkhan sectionn... it is a important section.. listen carefully, you need to add (ভোটের পরিসংখ্যান--
রিয়েল-টাইম ইলেকশন রেজাল্ট) section.. that will show total votes,(for whole country) and which party got the most vote and what is the number.. Below that section there will be a filtre option like the third image.. that if anyone wanna see which party or candidate got how many votes among any adress which can be selected as one selected adress in vote section.. then the last section .. a realtime pie chart with the color of party and it will show percent also about the amount of vote per party got,, under that it will written party name and a sign of its color for the pie chart.. remove the unnecessarry section from side bar e.g. Blockchain, Profile(this will be shifted as i said before of this promt), Admin,.. at the section of bideshi vote, change the name into Posal Voting, i hope you know about postal vote, and one more important thing,, when one go to do a vote,, before taking the photo of the man, it will ask to take a photo of both side of NID (the verification process is as same as registering to Bkash/Nagad app of BD) and vote will not instantly added to block of blockchain, it will verify the face and NID as like the bkash app registering time(as for the example you set the time for 10 second for auto verification) after doing vote, dashboard will shows up vote in verification, (after 10 second) after verification dashboard will show you have voted... ok now comolete this whole thing man... 